---
id: summary
title: API Summary
---
## `Application`
The Application class is used for accessing or setting application level configuration settings.
## `Config`
Rho.Config module
## `Database`
Database is low-level API to access SQLite local database.
## `Intent`
The Intent API provides an inter-application broadcast message-passing framework.
## `Log`
 Use this API to control the behavior of the RhoMobile Log API as well as access it. This API gives access to the Logging functionality. There are five functions to add messages to the log with different severity (from lowest to highest) : trace, info, warning, error and fatal. Each of those functions gets two parameters: message and category. Category is an user defined group that helps with used  searching and filtering.Accessing Log File:sendLogFile: will sent all the log to servershowLog: brings up popup with log,readLogFile: returns the full log file,cleanLogFile: removes all logged messagesFiltering:* Using level property: It limits minimal severity of messages that will be added to log. For example: setting log level to 2 (warning) will filter out messages generated by trace and info.* Categories: user defined groups that are used to select messages from different modules for ease of use. There are two main filters: includeCategories and excludeCategories. They are both active at the same time. includeCategories allows to select groups/categories that should be in the log (setting this property to empty will turn disable logging). excludeCategories is used for filtering out some of categories.* excludeFilter, this filter is used to remove all sensitive information like passwords, security tokens from log.Log destinations (any combinations of them):* debug console (stdio),* device filesystem (file)* remote sever (url)
## `NativeMenubar`
The NativeMenubar API lets you customize the Windows Mobile/CE native menu buttons.
## `NativeTabbar`
The NativeTabbar methods let you use multiple instances of the RhoMobile webview in separate tabs. 
## `NativeToolbar`
The NativeToolbar method let you create and remove a toolbar at runtime.
## `Navbar`
The NavBar API supports a native navigation bar for iOS devices.
## `Network`
This API class allows you to interact with either the WAN or WiFI network of the device.
## `NewORM`
ORM CoreAPI module
## `NewORMModel`
NewORMModel CoreAPI module
## `Notification`
The Notification API allows you to provide feedback to the user, either auditory, tactile or visual. Use this API to give a visual popup window, sound the device beeper or illuminate the device LEDs (hardware permitting).
## `ORM`
This JavaScript API class allows you to interact with the local RHOM database and programatically add models or get references to models.
## `Process`
This API is used to either navigate to a URL or call a javascript function when an attached card reader decodes data. Only the foreground application is given access to the card reader hardware, when an application is sent to the background its state will be saved and it will automatically relinquish control of the card reader. When brought back to the foreground, an application previously using the card reader will have its previous configuration (eg. pinTimeout) reapplied to the card reader automatically.
## `Push`
The Push API provides access to Push messaging functionality. Use this API to give your application the ability to receive server initiated messages.
## `RhoFile`
This API provides several methods for access to files and folders found on the device's local file system.
## `SQLite3`
is used to perform database operations
## `System`
The System API is used to control and modify core aspects of the device such as the screen, OS and device capabilities.
## `Timer`
The Timer API is used to create, start, stop and check the existence of timers.
## `WebView`
The `Webview` is the core container used for rendering your application code. You can control certain behaviors of the webview by using this API class.
## `[Your-OrmModel]`
RhoMobile applications provide automatic JavaScript CRUD methods for any models that you have defined to interact with the database.  You must define a model class by using the [ORM.addModel](Orm#maddModel) method before you can use the API's referenced here.  See [Orm](Orm) to learn about defining and adding a model.All methods here are accessed from the model instance object that you have created. In places where you see `[Your-OrmModel]` on this page, you would use the instance object instead.    :::js    var productModel = Rho.ORM.addModel(function(model){      model.modelName("Product");      model.enable("sync");      model.property("name","string");      model.property("brand","string");      model.property("price","float");      model.set("partition","user");    });    // create model object and save it to database    var product = productModel.create({      brand: 'Apple',      name: 'iPhone5',      price: 199.99});    // read product from database    var product = productModel.find('first');    product.get('brand'); // Apple    product.get('name'); // iPhone5        
